[ Inaudible ]
>> Just to announce something, some-- or do you pray or accumulate in the mantras.
And every year we had a great opportunity to announce and encourage you
to accumulate in the mantras and one after another.
Every year we did and this year also we like to ask you to everyone here
and everywhere we have some connections to really and to all our Sangha members
and the friends of the Pemasumabuddhi centers.
And also as anyone who like to join these waves of the beautiful positive energy
with the Buddha thought and really involve the power and the blessings
of three duels in a reciting mantra and dedicated that to every levels in this life
and other lives of-- after lives and as well enlightenment.
And then also in this life to our family, ourselves, our family, friend,
and all the things-- and then really we-- there is no more as I said before,
no more wars, no more permanence, no more disease and sicknesses,
no more all this curling and fighting that.
Everybody have some reason to understand the knowledge to respect each others
and harmony and peace always.
Everyone want the happy, the joy and the peace that everybody really want.
Not just to stop praising, overpowering, that wants the idea to the others
and then just disturbing the entire many beings.
Really it just becomes so much trouble to wish and we pray and a giant mantra
and really kind of subside all that and bring genuine understand knowledge,
calm or born in their heart and pray well and beautiful peace and harmony.
And then among all the Buddhas, there is-- we've done so many prayers
and world power and bless of so many Buddhas, but this year we really thought
to special pray to the Buddha Shakyamuni.
He is one of the-- I mean great Buddhas of this eons and it's our Buddha
and all these teachings, what we are practicing, what we learned,
what we follow, whether it's the Theravada, whether it's Mahayana,
whether it's Vighayana, although keep practicing, it's all come from Buddha.
Without the Buddha, there is no such great teachings
that what we are following is welcome.
And what we have understand knowledge that we have,
I don't necessarily will have without the Buddha.
And our compassion and love that we have some decent respect
to every living beings, without I think Buddha,
I don't necessarily will have this.
And for that reason, great Master Muharmadhi said here
in his very famous Buddha teaching, teaching said, in the idea series,
this, and in this land, in this time of the triple game,
whatever life remains is your enlightenment activities.
Therefore to you as only Rapu [assumed spelling]
and scream, and that's true.
It's all his teachings that we know this great teacher,
we won't have all this knowledge and understand what we're learning.
And so we really wish and pray.
And a more powerful bless, Buddha, Buddha.
And Buddha is also known as the great compassion.
One accepted this true village, the general world,
met 500 aspiration, praise, praise, his praise, the white laurels.
Among all the 1,000 Buddhas of every, Buddhas
of every direction, praise to this Buddha, the Buddha Chapter.
So really in all the power and blessings of the Buddha and Jain,
the mantra, and dedicated that merit to every beings.
So I'd like to, I mean, we'd like to encourage you all
to do this academic mantra as much as we can.
And then we will announce that as again in this summertime.
Time, so I just thought to announce that.
Thank you very much, everyone, again, thank you.
The mantra of the Buddha, the great, which I do,
you know all this, man, praise.
The great compassion of one accepted this turbulent, degenerate world.
And made 500 aspirations, you are gracious and like lotus.
Whoever hears your name shall not return to samsara.
(Singing)
The Bodhisattva Mantri Shree retains this realization.
Likewise, Mantabhadra Bodhisattva.
In order to train myself to follow them,
I dedicate all these merits for the happiness of sentient beings.
The intention of the bliss-gotten ones,
Buddhas and their sons and daughters,
their deeds, aspirations, wisdom and passion and power,
which are the illusory manifestations of the supreme wisdom.
Likewise, may all sentient beings attain their same state.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
So that's it.
How many of you are here?
We've done one more.
At least the stepping stones.
At least I can let the mantras.
Oh!